docs/hello-world.md, before:

---
next: docs/development.md
---

# Hello World

A Probot app is just a [Node.js module](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html) that exports a function:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  // your code here
}
```

The `robot` parameter is an instance of [`Robot`](https://probot.github.io/probot/latest/Robot.html) and gives you access to all of the bot goodness.

`robot.on` will listen for any [webhook events triggered by GitHub](./webhooks.md), which will notify you when anything interesting happens on GitHub that your app wants to know about.

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async context => {
    // A new issue was opened, what should we do with it?
    robot.log(context)
  })
}
```

The `context` passed to the event handler includes everything about the event that was triggered, as well as some helpful properties for doing something useful in response to the event. `context.github` is an authenticated GitHub client that can be used to [make API calls](./github-api.md), and allows you to do almost anything programmatically that you can do through a web browser on GitHub.

Here is an example of an autoresponder app that comments on opened issues:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async context => {
    // `context` extracts information from the event, which can be passed to
    // GitHub API calls. This will return:
    //   {owner: 'yourname', repo: 'yourrepo', number: 123, body: 'Hello World!}
    const params = context.issue({body: 'Hello World!'})

    // Post a comment on the issue
    return context.github.issues.createComment(params)
  })
}
```

Don't know what to build? Browse the [list of ideas](https://github.com/probot/ideas/issues) from the community for inspiration.

Commit message:

Add option to develop Probot on Glitch (#306)
docs: Add "Remix on Glitch" button for hello world example

docs/hello-world.md, after:

---
next: docs/development.md
---

# Hello World

A Probot app is just a [Node.js module](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html) that exports a function:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  // your code here
}
```

The `robot` parameter is an instance of [`Robot`](https://probot.github.io/probot/latest/Robot.html) and gives you access to all of the bot goodness.

`robot.on` will listen for any [webhook events triggered by GitHub](./webhooks.md), which will notify you when anything interesting happens on GitHub that your app wants to know about.

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async context => {
    // A new issue was opened, what should we do with it?
    robot.log(context)
  })
}
```

The `context` passed to the event handler includes everything about the event that was triggered, as well as some helpful properties for doing something useful in response to the event. `context.github` is an authenticated GitHub client that can be used to [make API calls](./github-api.md), and allows you to do almost anything programmatically that you can do through a web browser on GitHub.

Here is an example of an autoresponder app that comments on opened issues:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async context => {
    // `context` extracts information from the event, which can be passed to
    // GitHub API calls. This will return:
    //   {owner: 'yourname', repo: 'yourrepo', number: 123, body: 'Hello World!}
    const params = context.issue({body: 'Hello World!'})

    // Post a comment on the issue
    return context.github.issues.createComment(params)
  })
}
```
To get started, you can use the instructions for [Developing an App](https://probot.github.io/docs/development/) or remix this 'Hello World' project on Glitch.
[![Remix on Glitch](https://cdn.glitch.com/2703baf2-b643-4da7-ab91-7ee2a2d00b5b%2Fremix-button.svg)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/probot-hello-world)

Don't know what to build? Browse the [list of ideas](https://github.com/probot/ideas/issues) from the community for inspiration.
