docs/plugins.md, before:

# Plugins

A plugin is just a [Node.js module](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html) that exports a function:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  // your code here
};
```

The `robot` parameter is an instance of [`Robot`](/lib/robot.js) and gives you access to all of the bot goodness.

## Receiving GitHub webhooks

[GitHub webhooks](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) are fired for almost every significant action that users take on GitHub, whether it's pushes to code, opening or closing issues, opening or merging pull requests, or commenting on a discussion.

Many robots will spend their entire day responding to these actions. `robot.on` will listen for any GitHub webhook events:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('push', async (event, context) => {
    // Code was pushed to the repo, what should we do with it?
    robot.log(event);
  });
};
```

The robot can listen to any of the [GitHub webhook events](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/#events). `event` object includes all of the information about the event that was triggered, and `event.payload` has the payload delivered by GitHub.

Most events also include an "action". For example, the [`issues`](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/#issuesevent) event has actions of `assigned`, `unassigned`, `labeled`, `unlabeled`, `opened`, `edited`, `milestoned`, `demilestoned`, `closed`, and `reopened`. Often, your bot will only care about one type of action, so you can append it to the event name with a `.`:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async (event, context) => {
    // An issue was just opened.
  });
};
```

## Interacting with GitHub

Probot uses [GitHub Integrations](https://developer.github.com/early-access/integrations/). An integration is a first-class actor on GitHub, like a user (e.g. [@defunkt](https://github/defunkt)) or a organization (e.g. [@github](https://github.com/github)). The integration is given access to a repository or repositories by being "installed" on a user or organization account and can perform actions through the API like [commenting on an issue](https://developer.github.com/v3/issues/comments/#create-a-comment) or [creating a status](https://developer.github.com/v3/repos/statuses/#create-a-status).

`context.github` is an authenticated GitHub client that can be used to make API calls. It is an instance of the [github Node.js module](https://github.com/mikedeboer/node-github), which wraps the [GitHub API](https://developer.github.com/v3/) and allows you to do almost anything programmatically that you can do through a web browser.

Here is an example of an autoresponder plugin that comments on opened issues:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async (event, context) => {
    // `context` extracts information from the event, which can be passed to
    // GitHub API calls. This will return:
    //   {owner: 'yourname', repo: 'yourrepo', number: 123, body: 'Hello World!}
    const params = context.issue({body: 'Hello World!'})

    // Post a comment on the issue
    return context.github.issues.createComment(params);
  });
}
```

See the [full API docs](https://mikedeboer.github.io/node-github/) to see all the ways you can interact with GitHub. Some API endpoints are not available on GitHub Integrations yet, so check [which ones are available](https://developer.github.com/early-access/integrations/available-endpoints/) first.

### Pagination

Many GitHub API endpoints are paginated. The `github.paginate` method can be used to get each page of the results.

```js
context.github.paginate(context.github.issues.getAll(context.repo()), res => {
  res.data.issues.forEach(issue => {
    robot.console.log('Issue: %s', issue.title);
  });
});
```

## Running plugins

Before you can run your plugin against GitHub, you'll need to set up your [development environment](development.md) and configure a GitHub Integration for testing. You will need the ID and private key of a GitHub Integration to run the bot.

Once you have an integration created, install `probot`:

```
$ npm install -g probot
```

and run your bot from your plugin's directory, replacing `9999` and `private-key.pem` below with the ID and path to the private key of your integration.

```
$ probot run -i 9999 -P private-key.pem ./index.js
Listening on http://localhost:3000
```

## Publishing your bot

Plugins can be published in NPM modules, which can either be deployed as stand-alone bots, or combined with other plugins.

Use the [plugin-template](https://github.com/probot/plugin-template) repository to get started building your plugin as a node module.

```
$ curl -L https://github.com/probot/plugin-template/archive/master.tar.gz | tar xvz
$ mv plugin-template-master probot-myplugin && cd probot-myplugin
```

## Next

- [See the full Probot API](https://probot.github.io/probot/latest/)
- [Tips for development](development.md)
- [Deploy your plugin](deployment.md)

Commit message:

Update name from "GitHub Integrations" to "GitHub Apps"

docs/plugins.md, after:

# Plugins

A plugin is just a [Node.js module](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html) that exports a function:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  // your code here
};
```

The `robot` parameter is an instance of [`Robot`](/lib/robot.js) and gives you access to all of the bot goodness.

## Receiving GitHub webhooks

[GitHub webhooks](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) are fired for almost every significant action that users take on GitHub, whether it's pushes to code, opening or closing issues, opening or merging pull requests, or commenting on a discussion.

Many robots will spend their entire day responding to these actions. `robot.on` will listen for any GitHub webhook events:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('push', async (event, context) => {
    // Code was pushed to the repo, what should we do with it?
    robot.log(event);
  });
};
```

The robot can listen to any of the [GitHub webhook events](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/#events). `event` object includes all of the information about the event that was triggered, and `event.payload` has the payload delivered by GitHub.

Most events also include an "action". For example, the [`issues`](https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/#issuesevent) event has actions of `assigned`, `unassigned`, `labeled`, `unlabeled`, `opened`, `edited`, `milestoned`, `demilestoned`, `closed`, and `reopened`. Often, your bot will only care about one type of action, so you can append it to the event name with a `.`:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async (event, context) => {
    // An issue was just opened.
  });
};
```

## Interacting with GitHub

Probot uses [GitHub Apps](https://developer.github.com/apps/). An app is a first-class actor on GitHub, like a user (e.g. [@defunkt](https://github/defunkt)) or a organization (e.g. [@github](https://github.com/github)). The app is given access to a repository or repositories by being "installed" on a user or organization account and can perform actions through the API like [commenting on an issue](https://developer.github.com/v3/issues/comments/#create-a-comment) or [creating a status](https://developer.github.com/v3/repos/statuses/#create-a-status).

`context.github` is an authenticated GitHub client that can be used to make API calls. It is an instance of the [github Node.js module](https://github.com/mikedeboer/node-github), which wraps the [GitHub API](https://developer.github.com/v3/) and allows you to do almost anything programmatically that you can do through a web browser.

Here is an example of an autoresponder plugin that comments on opened issues:

```js
module.exports = robot => {
  robot.on('issues.opened', async (event, context) => {
    // `context` extracts information from the event, which can be passed to
    // GitHub API calls. This will return:
    //   {owner: 'yourname', repo: 'yourrepo', number: 123, body: 'Hello World!}
    const params = context.issue({body: 'Hello World!'})

    // Post a comment on the issue
    return context.github.issues.createComment(params);
  });
}
```

See the [full API docs](https://mikedeboer.github.io/node-github/) to see all the ways you can interact with GitHub. Some API endpoints are not available on GitHub Apps yet, so check [which ones are available](https://developer.github.com/v3/apps/available-endpoints/) first.

### Pagination

Many GitHub API endpoints are paginated. The `github.paginate` method can be used to get each page of the results.

```js
context.github.paginate(context.github.issues.getAll(context.repo()), res => {
  res.data.issues.forEach(issue => {
    robot.console.log('Issue: %s', issue.title);
  });
});
```

## Running plugins

Before you can run your plugin against GitHub, you'll need to set up your [development environment](development.md) and configure a GitHub App for testing. You will need the ID and private key of a GitHub App to run the bot.

Once you have an app created, install `probot`:

```
$ npm install -g probot
```

and run your bot from your plugin's directory, replacing `9999` and `private-key.pem` below with the ID and path to the private key of your app.

```
$ probot run -i 9999 -P private-key.pem ./index.js
Listening on http://localhost:3000
```

## Publishing your bot

Plugins can be published in NPM modules, which can either be deployed as stand-alone bots, or combined with other plugins.

Use the [plugin-template](https://github.com/probot/plugin-template) repository to get started building your plugin as a node module.

```
$ curl -L https://github.com/probot/plugin-template/archive/master.tar.gz | tar xvz
$ mv plugin-template-master probot-myplugin && cd probot-myplugin
```

## Next

- [See the full Probot API](https://probot.github.io/probot/latest/)
- [Tips for development](development.md)
- [Deploy your plugin](deployment.md)
