docs/simulating-webhooks.md, before:

---
next: docs/testing.md
---

# Simulating Webhooks

As you are developing your app, you will likely want to test it by repeatedly triggering the same webhook. You can simulate a webhook being delivered by saving the payload to a file, and then calling `probot simulate` from the command line.

To save a copy of the payload, go to the  [settings](https://github.com/settings/apps) page for your App, and go to the **Advanced** tab. Click on one of the **Recent Deliveries** to expand it and see the details of the webhook event. Copy the JSON from the the **Payload** and save it to a new file. (`test/fixtures/issues.labeled.json` in this example).

**Note**: This will only simulate the JSON payload, not the headers that are also sent by GitHub webhooks.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/173/28491924-e03e91f2-6ebe-11e7-9570-6d48da68c6ca.png)

Next, simulate this event being delivered by running:

    $ node_modules/.bin/probot simulate <event-name> <path-to-fixture> <path-to-app>

Note that `event-name` here is just the name of the event (like pull_request or issues) and not the action (like labeled). You can find it in the GitHub deliveries history under the `X-GitHub-Event` header. 

For example, to simulate the pull_request.labeled event, run:

    $ node_modules/.bin/probot simulate pull_request test/fixtures/pull_request.labeled.json ./index.js

Commit message:

Update docs for manually receiving events (#730)

docs/simulating-webhooks.md, after:

---
next: docs/testing.md
---

# Simulate Receiving Webhooks

As you are developing your app, you will likely want to test it by repeatedly triggering the same webhook. You can simulate a webhook being delivered by saving the payload to a file, and then calling `probot receive` from the command line.

To save a copy of the payload, go to the  [settings](https://github.com/settings/apps) page for your App, and go to the **Advanced** tab. Click on one of the **Recent Deliveries** to expand it and see the details of the webhook event. Copy the JSON from the the **Payload** and save it to a new file. (`test/fixtures/issues.labeled.json` in this example).

**Note**: This will only receive the JSON payload, not the headers that are also sent by GitHub webhooks.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/173/28491924-e03e91f2-6ebe-11e7-9570-6d48da68c6ca.png)

Next, simulate receiving this event being delivered by running:

    $ node_modules/.bin/probot receive -e <event-name> -p <path-to-fixture> <path-to-app>

Note that `event-name` here is just the name of the event (like pull_request or issues) and not the action (like labeled). You can find it in the GitHub deliveries history under the `X-GitHub-Event` header.

For example, to simulate receiving the pull_request.labeled event, run:

    $ node_modules/.bin/probot receive -e pull_request -p test/fixtures/pull_request.labeled.json ./index.js
